all right we're back in spuds eating
pizza because he doesn't understand show
business all right number 26 is my man
Charlie Chaplin Oh God oh no we flipped
them we fillet that right we flipped
them and they need yeah I so this is
right number 26
Jen's officiator nice apply he's coming
he's next
all right all right well now we just got
to skip over Denzel so we can get to
number 27 Charlie Chaplin
all right I'll pause it you can't look
at this man tell me hey funny
all right now the thing about Charlie is
that with the big eyebrows and the
mustache
he looks goofy as hell but you take all
that off and he just about wanting to
praise little bombs you'd ever seen in
your life sometimes it's pretty with it
yeah look look at down pretty who the
hell looks like that weird people I
don't even know where they make them the
same place that made me probably oh my
god
I know you arrogant next nobody 48 Billy
Dee
Billy Billy Billy now I don't know if
all of y'all have seen the Star Wars
Empire Strikes Back video on this
channel but their story about mama she
met Billy Dee and she fangirled out and
that's why we said Billy Dee Billy Dee
cuz that's exactly what she said
exactly how she sounded yep she could
she just uh he was reeking of beer he
wreaked of colt 45 it was hilarious is
the funniest thing I've ever seen
he just sitting there he was drunk off
his and she was losing her mind and he
could have given half of number 29 Lenny
Kravitz too many piercings good lord
well I'd have that many piercings and
I'd say the same thing to you well you
know what sad is he always be wearing
them shades to cover up his eyes it's so
sad it's like the only thing that's
wrong with him
everything else imperfect number 30 Jim
Morrison show me a second picture oh no
no that does look like you spud good
Lord Jesus it looked just like you I
personally do not see it as in the
relationship yeah like the likeness yeah
I personally do not see it and do not
get it I you look like a Cabbage Patch
version of that man who also looks like
Jesus so you look like a Cabbage Patch
version of Jesus number 40 is ray
Fiennes who Odin veins though not that
not that him at all and number 40 okay
go ahead sorry I'm interrupting yeah you
were interrupting I can't tell how the
guy's eyes to look that deep in his head
or it could just be his face which leads
us to number 41 Thanks all right which
leads us to number 41 who the hell is
dad oh that's right Ernie
Daniel wreck do you know we were looking
through lists to try and find our own
people and Daniel Radcliffe was on one
of them and I was like the was it really
yes he was on one of them lists cuz
people crazy number 41 this list is
completely logical
who the hell is down is that still rave
is that Joseph oh my god that's Joseph
five when was he playing Michael Jackson
oh my god is he playing Michael Jackson
that song that a white man plays Michael
Jack there's wrong as hell what I want
to know is what this is from I've never
even seen this before
they acted I got you this looks like
Voldemort's not Rafe's Voldemort's
brother right yeah
much traffic sir see that's like holy
God like boxer-briefs to go fling right
at his face he looks like Brent he does
look like Prince and when you look at
for just long enough that eyebrow on the
left
I know doing something weird is on fleek
[Laughter]
anybody for too long you're like damn
they ugly I don't know what you how you
getting that from this picture cuz I
don't know if you just look at every
tiny detail you're like that is weird
oh yeah like that right here look at
that right here yes phone number 43
William Levy I don't like what how do
y'all find it whoa that looks like now
I'm in oh I have I am beyond scarred Oh
probably happens to probably what is rod
does his life he's like somebody thrown
play-doh on the Mona Lisa this is so sad
what nahin asleep and he been hitting
the espresso what is wrong with this
picture
everything I'm assuming there's at least
a good one of them that I on the left
it's squint and you wouldn't notice that
if the rest of his face was not that
symmetrical you know what I'm saying
like the symmetry shows the flaws more
glaringly you know what I'm saying and
we got the number all him wrong we were
not at 43 he was 33 all right now next
is number 34 val kilmer no I know
there's gonna be a bad picture I know
it's coming
oh really like he stuck his thumb too
long
and why the hell does he wear my glasses
[Laughter]
this is why we told you to stop sucking
your thumb and you little cuz your teeth
were done that you lucky you were lucky
to have me spud you'd look just like
that right now - the baldness that
picture right there that doesn't really
do him justice
you all see him shirtless in the
volleyball scene you know where he
tenses its height tips you know tits yes
you can men do it to women on time he
probably some admirer all right which
number 35 Mikhail Baryshnikov that's a
bad man right there all right now that
man got us four days there's a man who
will not spring whoopee cushion exactly
his buns are so tight he could just hold
the whoopee cushion in place he's were
dead aside from the fact that he's never
look like a sculpture than in a real
person exactly he's never looked ugly I
don't think there's a single instance
where he has looked bad and the fact
that he's Dunning no is it no see can't
find it a Russian version of Robert
Redford yep but better - the freckles
Robert Redford - do we put him on this
list I think we did I'm ashamed good
yeah that's where he belong at the
bottom number 36 is Joaquin Phoenix that
just looks like a beer with the face oh
my god this looks like some duck dynasty
it looks like what happens when pale
people find jazz what's that about his
big thing he looks like a zombie smooth
well okay this is not working this was
when everybody thought he was going
crazy this is when he was pursuing his
quote unquote rap career
what yeah okay so he was playing a
character for a movie and his direct I
don't know if it was his eye
the directors but he was playing the
character in real life he was method
acting and they thought he was going
crazy and so he really acted like this
man that you're seeing on screen for
months and months until the movie was
done and then he went back to being
normal and even then Jed was a David
Letterman and then David Letterman was
like I thought you went can cuckoo
number 37 and Agassi I'm sorry
we have sprite with dinner I'm just
whatever number Zac Efron now this man
was not on the last list and I was like
what is wrong with you okay I understand
now what is wrong with your face
I think I don't know what is going on
here I don't know what midlife crisis
this was I think teenagers crisis this
his face was looking people say his face
was like a panini what the hell is a
panini
all right then grilled sandwiches yeah
the ones right at the air this is recent
can we just rewind to the greatest
showmen oh my lord that small what's sad
is he probably paid somebody to do that
that's not something you got to be paid
for something they enjoy doing
you are just born able to do that okay I
don't know yeah I'm sure that there's a
money-making business in you know
feeding celebrities and neuroses and
making them look weird as hell but like
how much they paid that barber to let
I'm Joaquin Phoenix beard just grow out
yeah it was so hard not to trim see the
funny thing about this picture is is
that you can still see what's right
about it yeah it's not as bad as a lot
of the others yeah but it's so funny
because all the celebrities you get away
with doing this or glish it's like you
know learn walk down the street with
that you just boy it's funny because I
bet you there's a place in Hollywood
where like LeBron James walks in and
everyone's like hey LeBron's here
remember he like
so the unicorn in his beard my husband
Claude Rains I call this man my husband
for so long
find a good pick that's my cane are you
down that is the surefire way to get on
this list
governor anything up just come on
everything you'll never look ugly all
right there's got to be another picture
yeah yeah other ones coming a better one
oh I know it's gotta oh they're much
better much better now see this is one
of those things where I'm like okay you
wouldn't think it right away that he's
hot but we had an accent
with the accent and the swag and the
suave and the suave and the suave swag
in the swaggy suave and the hi here
right in the 4-inch he girl crack heels
better than Bruno Mars if you ever seen
mr. Smith there's a scene where he's
leaving the room
and when he turns you can see the heels
yeah is hilarious there's like three
inches in it it's I think anymore for
forage oh my god number 40 is Dean
Stockwell the counterpart of Scott
Bakula now if everybody who is what damn
doing frontiers I should know I sure
don't you
that's much better Martin all right now
anybody who is who is watching this
y'all know that you cannot have Dean
Stockwell
and Scott Bakula on my hottest men's
list unless you a quantum leap fan so
shout out to all our fellow quantum leap
fans y'all dope is a quantum leap errs
and let's just hope the guy would get
that movie how about we don't hope to go
it don't ever get that movie
I want that movie I do do you want the
case we would have worked in that ending
in season five that wasn't really
screwed up next to number 41 Jim Carrey
and B I know what it's gonna be
we both think we both know I think we're
expecting it no I Santa Claus is coming
to town
you know his hair's got B died because
Oh Joe okay now I would look see part of
this picture is the reason he's
attractive
the
cuz he's funny yeah like I may not you
get it look he he's funny
you know he's having a holly jolly
Christmas in his younger days like you
know like like Eternal Sunshine of the
spotless mind man is beautiful in their
movies you know in that movie and you
know what sad is is that I think there's
something about funny men or men who are
comedians and how their faces move when
they make jokes because I see major
crow's feet in this picture and I have
them bad because I'm always making faces
and always whooping in my face and
that's what Jim always does it's sad to
see I'm gonna look terrible when I'm 80
something number 42 is Ricky Martin
alright now this picture is not good I
think that goes without saying because
he looks like he is riding horseback
toward you to bring you a bowl of menudo
like if you're hungry he just flies in
on a unicorn carrying a bowl of menudo
to feed you it feels like that robe is
always wearing it feels like a spray tan
[Laughter]
number 43 is Andy Gibb and good luck
trying to find a bad picture of this man
Oh yep that's rather you wrong for doing
robbing like that he's wrong that they
made a joke out of robbing he started a
joke oh my god this is Robin Gibb this
is not Andy Gibb okay Andy Gibb died
very young he was one of the Gibb
brothers from not from the Bee Gees but
he was the brother of three of the Bee
Gees and okay there's a knee thank you
Jesus it looked like they blurred his
chest hair because it was inappropriate
oh my god oh I just wish we could have
seen him on the bear
talk-shows want to know what he's doing
with his hands like he missed his pocket
he's like hey girl it's down there just
wanna let you know like sudden that's
how you got well you don't walk in the
club just suddenly point to your junk
like hey yeah yes they just want to let
you know dalliance is too much the
medallion is fabulous I would wear a
medallion like that number 44 is Billy
Idol oh jesus please be a good picture I
gotta be Oh barely know Oh mm oh my god
all right now when I was at Billy Idol I
meant young Billy Idol you know
preferably with all his clothes on but I
don't know they're gonna go there yes
huh yeah maybe you scream ma ma ma ma ma
ma um see I used to make my hair do that
didn't work I know that's because he had
stylist Thank You lazy now I'm too lazy
I was like you know if I ain't never
gonna little like Billy Idol I just put
my hat I'm just putting my hat on
putting my beanie on I don't give a [ __ ]
oh you know they'd like to see you wear
exactly well my hair isn't that stringy
you know you gotta have like
particularly thinner tears to defy the
laws to defy the laws of gravity mine's
too thick number 45 is Paul Rudd uh he
had to be on this that is a whole big
day at school peak I've never even seen
that before where you'll find this oh my
god now that looks like someone who
should be in stranger things yeah oh my
gosh okay getting better slowly
progressing into Paul Rudd don't care
tell just Robert Downey jr. you didn't
give me a good picture of Paul Rudd okay
Paul Rudd was on Larry no ignore the
chaplain from the photo chaplain friend
they ignore the faux chaplain fronting
the Harris right Paul Rudd was on the
list because he's like dick
cutie cute ever he really is he's just
like an everyman I love him
all right now and he as you're looking
at this is number 47 Robert Downey jr.
now my problem with this picture is that
they put the same amount of makeup on
him as they did to Charlie but here's
the problem this is higher resolution
exactly better detail we're back in
olden times the makeup didn't look this
bad right it doesn't look like they just
slapped a leech and a big fat leech on
his lip girl you're so scandalous oh my
gosh
all right now Robert deserves to be on
this list though because there's
something didn't weird about him the
older he gets the hotter he gets and I
can't explain it I don't know he got
that Benjamin Button disease yeah he
didn't look that good when he was
younger but no no he looked a little
homely when he was younger but as he's
got eight by the time he's 90 oh my god
he's gonna be fabulous once he's dead
can you easy he will he will ascend to
God like looks by the time he's dead
it's gonna be short-lived huh but what
have you and number 47 Elton John this
is now Elton John this is still Robert
Downey jr. 46 that's goddamn line oh my
god what is Oh see this what this is
before he was hot this was a number 47
is Robert Redford and the only reason we
put him on this list is because if we
had oh lordy oh he's been advanced oh my
god I think I just became impotent oh my
no mames man picked us out because she
loved young Robert Redford yeah oh my
god the orange hair
around the nipples is just like
screaming orangutan and I'm just I need
to get the hell out of here before I was
colorful oh my god changed I can't look
number 48 Rob Thomas
he look like he about the message I love
Rob but every time he sees you look like
he got some bowel problems what do
things constipation no no what can't
want to do things came from this
movement a spice on the ass or squirt
that does look like one of for the walls
pleasure
this is weird splashes yeah it looks
like if you photoshopped that face onto
one of them Olympic divers like mid jump
anyway yeah exactly
all right number 49 Will Smith now he
was not on the last list that I looked
at did he get stung by a bee in this
movie or something well what quit waters
from give it a damn rest okay and his
defense there's a terrible moustache and
his defense so he's a comedian all right
you know but he's aging wonderfully you
know by a facial hair that goes all
around their mouth it looks terrible I
mean if you take off the fat like nobody
sheriff that moustache at all not going
down below the display of the mouth
because once you do that he's walrus
fronting yeah he's clearly Wallace no no
that's only if you shave off the bottom
they may look like wow yeah I've seen
some walruses okay we live in the south
the walruses are here
[Laughter]
wills doing it right though you know he
got to but you got the facial hair on
the bottom you know he got the good full
goatee
yeah but if he closed his mouth you the
beard would be more apparent okay what
I'm saying I think so yeah it's hard to
notice when his mouth is open that why
yeah I got sure yeah yeah it hurts yeah
yeah all right I browse sort of thing
yeah are there more pictures of him oh
can we say next and from my mama's mama
number 50 Gregory Peck I personally do
not know who Owen if she would've liked
him when she saw him here Oh Lord see
this is how I see didn't live longer I'm
glad she didn't live longer neither that
is one good thing if I die now everyone
that I currently think is hot will
eternally stay that way for me so I
don't have to see these people grow into
old prunes there you go
all right now see I I right yeah there's
that for Omaha down from Roman holiday
it's Roman holiday time yeah yeah in
around it yeah but maybe a little soon
look a couple years soon all right now I
personally I'll think he's hot but if we
didn't put him yeah but if we didn't put
him on this list
Mama's mama will come back from the
grave and whatnot
so we had to and that's all we have to
say about that
would you like to address the meth heads
for the first time and say your
good-byes it's sad it's like a little
funeral everybody dies every time you
rent a video it's like going to a little
funerals like buy meth heads maybe I'll
see you again
maybe I won't I'm crying for one reason
but it's not that well isn't that Robert
Redford titties tell us I'm bad I'm
sorry you had to see that
no no child should ever have to see this
all right and everybody's been asking me
for the 50 hottest women but I haven't
done it yet because then people be
calling me a misogynist which is exactly
why I'm gonna do it for movies explained
for I'm Jeb and I'm spud oh don't that
sound nice and we will see y'all in the
next video
alright stop that happen Jesus what you
think this is a circus